fix: checkout -> check out (#2116)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/accounts/quotas/manage-event-stream-guide.mdx

- `denyUrls`: A list of strings or regex patterns that match error URLs which should be blocked from sending events (Configuring both options on the SDK can be used to block **subdomains** of the domains listed in `allowUrls`).
- `ignoreErrors`: Instruct the SDK to never send an error to Sentry if it matches any of the listed error **messages**. If no message is available, the SDK will try to compare against an underlying **exception type and value**.

For more information and code samples check out:

> - [Integrating the SDK: Decluttering Sentry](/platforms/javascript/#decluttering-sentry)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Integrating the SDK: Filtering Events Reported to Sentry](/platforms/javascript/config/filter/)
```

> - [Filtering Events](/error-reporting/configuration/filtering)

Reviewer: the new link covers this content, so I'd remove this one.

The integration attaches global handlers to capture uncaught exceptions (`onerror`) and unhandled rejections (`onunhandledrejection`). Both handlers are enabled by default but can be disabled through configuration. For more information see [GlobalHandlers Integration](/platforms/javascript/#globalhandlers)

> Check out additional configuration options with the [TryCatch](/platforms/javascript/#trycatch) and [ReportingObserver](/platforms/javascript/#reportingobserver) integrations.

Reviewer: oof. I see that we're missing the heading for TryCatch in /platforms/javascript/integrations/default/. I will fix this. Suggest we link to the page for now.
```suggestion
Check out additional configuration options with the [TryCatch](/platforms/javascript/integrations/default/) and [ReportingObserver](/platforms/javascript/integrations/plugin/#reportingobserver) integrations.
```
